Branch 0.4 release docs (#1766)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

nav_order: 3
---

## Release v0.4.0

New functionality for the release includes

> * Decimal support up to 64 bit, including reading and writing decimal from Parquet

Reviewer: Do we want to say anything about it being disabled by default?

Author: I added a note on how to enable decimal.  I also updated some text around the decimal config.

> * Ability to call native CUDA or cudf functions from Scala, Java or Hive UDFs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Ability for users to provide GPU versions of Scala, Java or Hive UDFs
```

Author: Incorporated feedback.

* Shuffle and sort support for `struct` data types
* `array_contains` for list operations
* `collect_list` and `average` for windowing operations
* Murmur3 `hash` operation 

> * Reading a v2 datasource when the data being read is an `ArrowColumnVector`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improved performance when reading from DataSource v2 when the source produces data in the Arrow format.
```

Author: Incorporated feedback
